oh no you don't try to go wait for me no
this is the second unsealing or
brand-new game folks are you ready see
that Ninja Gaiden 3 for the atari lynx
nobody's ever unsealed such a game so
we're gonna be the first that ain't a
game to do it you guys ready
oh yeah all right so we have the
privilege of owning one of reused dragon
swords yes Gaara was able to purchase
one we will use it to unseal needs at
item three let's do it let's bring up
the Dragon Sword here it is you see that
just what the best games are made of
right here all right
he's my lead see if it's got the power
pretty I get sword how you gonna do it
try to get in here and hopefully we're
barking this label will rip off the
packaging I know did not I failed
that's okay this is the way it ends
really tight
you got the know and you get it your
hands closer and suppose it's like to
the tip of the plate it's not sharp
yes it's very thorough I can assure you
no ruin the box man
oh there you got it
that's good enough these Pope's want to
see a slicing man okay go ahead
all right that's a real ninja way man
Oh hurt yourself now you will bring out
feels like a 60-pound system right here
the atari lynx you have to hook it up
with six batteries if you don't have the
power cord just a lot of power run a
power and the cartridges are really
small it's almost like a like a bookmark
it's what else is in there we good black
and white manual yes they'll get cheap
within any pictures in here just getting
started no different languages pokemon
see anybody else wanna try it go ahead
master master yes I need up my stuff
brightness okay yeah there you go
should we just start it I just want to
see the intro I will see it
looks like the NES version
sorry presents and answer everyone said
Technol present but attorney just had to
get the name in it they
yeah you start it let's do it
never use one these are all right well
there's the yeah they loud that is
well it's definitely hard to see but
seems like they did an okay job
converting the enhanced version again
yep and I'm gonna try to finish it maybe
we'll come back and show you guys the
ending I don't think anybody has done
YouTube yet hopefully we'll be back all
right guys